so a number of ways that you can affect morale is for one your personally.
It's about being positive. Um, and I would like to think that a
positive attitude is contagious. So the more you're smiling, the more
that you're being positive about things. The more others will be
positive about things on board, like certain ships are every ship that
I have been on. I had the privilege of being on. There are definitely
a number of activities that you can engage in which you start with
each other to, you know, help building around. There's bingo night.
There's, Ah, video game night. There's our hop night where you know
the CS is Get around and they cook. I hopped pancakes for an omelet
for dinner. You know that ice cream night? There's pizza and Chicken
wing night, but also you have certain activities that sometimes
that the captain will push, which are like they allow beards. So you
pay the into the nwr fun, say, three bucks or so, and you can grow
your beard out. Do you? You know, you come back in port, so you know,
that's like a big morale booster. Believe it or not? Is it zip? It
may seem very small, but something like that will build morale very
quickly If I don't have to get up and say you everyone and I can walk
around with beer. Um, but things like that, um, those air about,
you know, just about the limits that a person can do or someone can
do to affect morale. When you have obligations to meet outside of that,
you know, put import as often as you are allowed to and getting
off the ship and just been able to decompress and are going tours and
see things. And, uh, those are about the best that you can do to
build around.